Open Images: implement bounding box support (#352)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: docs/formats/open_images_user_manual.md

Datumaro supports versions 4, 5 and 6.

Datumaro currently supports only the human-verified image-level label
annotations and bounding box annotations from this dataset.

One attribute is supported on the labels:

> - `score`: the confidence level from 0 to 1. A score of 0 indicates that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `score` (float): the confidence level from 0 to 1. A score of 0 indicates that
```

Author: OK, updated all attribute descriptions to be consistent with that format.

To use per-subset image description files instead of `image_ids_and_rotation.csv`,
place them in the `annotations` subdirectory.

### Speeding up bounding box loading

To load bounding box annotations,
Datumaro needs to know the sizes of the corresponding images.
By default, it will determine these sizes by loading each image from disk,
which will make the loading process slow.

> You can speed up this process
> by extracting the image size information in advance
> and recording it in an `images.meta` file.
> This file must be located in the `annotations` directory,
> and must contain one line per image, with the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If images are not available locally or you want to speed up the process,
you can provide an `images.meta` file.
Such file must be located in the `annotations` directory,
and must contain one line per image, with the following structure:
```

Author: I think just off-handedly mentioning the possibility that the images might not be available doesn't connect well with the other paragraphs, so I rewrite this whole section to incorporate this scenario.
